### Berkeley Software Distribution (<dfn title="Berkeley Software Distribution">BSD</dfn>)
This line of operating systems started out life as a series of patches to AT&T
UNIX which was introduced to the University of Berkeley by Ken Thompson whilst
on sabbatical in 1977.

The development of BSD is closely tied with that of the internet. BSD's modern
variants are some of the oldest communities who have collaborated over the
internet to develop a software project which continues to today. The workflow
of the projects has transpired to become the standard way of developing open
source software on the internet, whether it's [adhering to a style
guide](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kernel_Normal_Form),  [developing with a
publicly accessible source
repository](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenBSD#Open-source_and_open_documentation)
or [holding a
hackathon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hackathon#Origin_and_history).

For a newcomer interested in an operating system to run on your hardware, it is
a great opportunity to be a part of a tech savvy community working to evolve an
idea started almost 40 years ago.

As a business, each project produces a mature and robust operating system that
has seen many applications from running on devices such as [game
consoles](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PlayStation_4_system_software), [mobile
phones](http://undeadly.org/cgi?action=article&sid=20140506132000),
[cars](http://imgur.com/a/SMVdp), [satellites and the international space
station](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NetBSD#Examples_of_use). Nearly all
projects are backed by a non-profit foundation which can act as a liaison for
businesses and assist with enquiries regarding development.

You'll find the various [BSD's](bsd.md) listed on the side menu in
chronological order, starting from the [oldest](bsd.md) to the
[newest](dragonfly.md). All but the original BSD project are actively
developed.

Thanks to [@FiLis](https://twitter.com/filis) for the logo.
