<p><a href="/" alt="avatar" title="home page"><img src="benmorrison.jpeg" class="w3"></a></p>

# Ben Morrison runs BSD

I'm a geek from [Acadiana](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acadiana) who,
instead of growing up to be a commercial fisherman or work at an oil
refinery, opted to partake in a more digital future.

Initially, my introduction to this world was Red Hat Linux 7.0 around
the summer of 2000. I loved it. After distro-hopping through Slackware,
Debian, and Gentoo, I settled on an early release of Arch Linux around
2003.

I continued to stay in the Linux world for many years, until a bit after
the systemd change-over. Around 2013, I made the jump to [OpenBSD] after
having been fascinated by it for many years. It always seemed like the
mythical "perfect UNIX-like OS" to me. The saying is "Don't meet your
heroes", but in this case, it was wonderful.

I quickly dove in and felt at home in the OpenBSD world. Later, I would
opt to use FreeBSD on my laptop for more bleeding-edge software and
slightly better desktop performance, but OpenBSD still has a place in my
heart.

In November 2018, after hanging around this strange, but cozy, place
called the "Tildeverse," where retro computing and shell accounts are
all the rage, I realized there were no major BSD options. That's when I
decided to open up [tilde institute](https://tilde.institute) as the
home of OpenBSD in our corner of the internet. It's even been featured
on the BSD Now podcast! Episode 294 plugs the project. If social UNIX is
your thing, come join us! We hang out on IRC, slap together various
coding projects, and have a lot of fun doing it all.

Keep running BSD, everyone!

Ben Morrison<br>
[keybase.io/benmorrison](https://keybase.io/benmorrison)<br>
[gbmor.dev](https://gbmor.dev)

_[26 Aug 2019](/raw/people/benmorrison.md)_

[FreeBSD]: https://www.freebsd.org/
[OpenBSD]: https://www.openbsd.org/
