<p><a href="/" alt="avatar" title="home page"><img src="riccardo.jpeg" class="w3"></a></p>

# Riccardo runs BSD

My first PC was a pentium two and my father bought it because I always
use to open his office laptop connected with it embedded 56k modem to
the Internet.  I was a curious adolescent with radioham background, CB
and SSB.  Cycling to the top of a mountain with a motorbike battery, a
discone like antenna and a President Jackson.  Connecting to Russia and
China and using an invented ID.  1 Alfa Tango 13 01.  1AT1301.

A friend of mine, Mauro, was child of a hardware hacker, in his house he
starts to let me see his oscilloscope and working table with P1 and P2
processors and various ISA boards.  I just started dreaming about IT.
Mauro was a wannabe hacker.  And I don't know because my ignorance and
he was jealous about his secret.  So my father accept to buy me a
desktop system from Intel, he was very restrictive with his son buy me
something was not at the order of the day.  I remember the US robotics
56k modem.  And his RJ11 port.  I remember the sound of this device
connecting to the network of networks, a slow Internet full of
incredible content for a curious mind.  The mine.

The operating system was a Windows 98 full of bugs.  Mauro own my
desktop in a couple of weeks with a BIOS virus.  So I start to hack.
There was a game, IRCNet war, takeover, stacheldraht, eggdrop, psybnc,
shell, 7350 team, smurf and so on.  This is how I start to play with
Unix, illegal hacking in the ninety.

Unset histfile was my preferred command.  We found a crew in IRCNet.  We
started a shell provider and started to sell bouncer to the IRC network.
We were a tester of IPv6 with 3ff3 class.  We started learning apache,
freebsd, polling, kernel hacking, networking, user administration,
ipsec, bind, and so on.  Slowly I joined Unix and networking community.
BSD was my fun, Linux my desktop.  BSD was my server, Linux my
workstation.  I was a collector of old fashioned hardware buying it in
an old style ebay, chilling with an old style view version of the site.
Sparc 20 was my joy and obviously NetBSD that "of course it runs".

Joined the University but haven't graduated and started to work as a an
independent professional with Unix and web applications.  The new year
bug passed from six years and in the next ten years I went to live to
Spain where I started to work and play with IP over wireless.  Mikrotik,
ubiquiti, OpenWRT was my daily work and passion.  I started to work as
the head of the technical department of a ES wireless equipment
manufacturer.

My name is famous nowadays in South America and Spain as a professional
wireless and wimax technician.  Famous in Cuba with government and in
Nicaragua with Army.  Bringing Internet where others could not.  Cisco
is also another passion of mine.  L2 L3 switching, dynamic routing
protocols interior and exterior, M/VPLS and so on.  Firewalling and deep
inspection protocols are also my daily bread.

Later I've found a wireless internet service provider leading the
Catalan market in four years with more that four thousands customers and
three hundreds bug accounts.  Then studied for two years magnetic
wireless networks.  I've amplified my knowledge about software defined
radio, ELF and hand manufacturer antennas.  My two news projects are
Telecom Lobby where I want to public full disclosure technology about
neural control and redama.es my new ISP.  All OpenBSD based.

_[14 Apr 2020](/raw/people/riccardo.md)_

[FreeBSD]: https://www.freebsd.org/
[OpenBSD]: https://www.openbsd.org/
